s3fs: Added documentation for SSE-C support (#3498)
iterative/dvc.org: content/docs/command-reference/remote/modify.md

  $ dvc remote modify --local myremote sse_kms_key_id 'key-alias'
  ```

- `sse_customer_key` - user specified key to encrypt data uploaded when using

>   SSE-C. The value should be base64 encoded version of 256 bit key.

Reviewer: Hi! What's the value provided to `sse`? Is it `SSE-C`, or something like `aws:ssec` (similar to `aws:kms`) ?

Reviewer: Also, this is AWS-specific right?

Author: Yes. This is AWS-specific. Also, when SSE with client side keys for encryption is in question, libraries usually expect different parameter (`SSECustomerAlgorithm` as key in s3_additional_kwargs dictionary) from sse (which gets added as `ServerSideEncryption` as key in the s3_additional_kwargs dictionary). So, for SSE, when a user wants to use key in aws kms, the relevent parameters are `sse` and `sse_kms_key_id`. When a user wants to use their own key (which is SSE-C) then the relevant parameters are `sse_customer_key` and `sse_customer_algorithm`. Value of `sse` is irrelevant.

Reviewer: Got it.

>   [SSE-C](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonS3/latest/userguide/ServerSideEncryptionCustomerKeys.html).
>   The value should be a base64-encoded 256 bit key.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  customer-provided encryption keys
  ([SSE-C](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonS3/latest/userguide/ServerSideEncryptionCustomerKeys.html)).
  instead of `sse`. The value should be a base64-encoded 256 bit key. Requires
  also setting the `sse_customer_algorithm` param (below).
```

> - `sse_customer_key` - user specified key to encrypt data uploaded when using
>   SSE-C. The value should be base64 encoded version of 256 bit key.
> 
>   ```dvc
>   $ dvc remote modify --local myremote sse_customer_key 'base64-encoded-256-bit-key'

Reviewer: ````suggestion
- `sse_customer_key` - key to encrypt data uploaded when using
  [SSE-C](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonS3/latest/userguide/ServerSideEncryptionCustomerKeys.html).
  The value should be a base64-encoded 256 bit key.

  ```dvc
  $ dvc remote modify --local myremote sse_customer_key 'mysecret'
````

  $ dvc remote modify --local myremote sse_customer_key 'mysecret'
  ```

- `sse_customer_algorithm` - server-side encryption algorithm to use with

>   `sse_customer_key`. This parameter will be passed directly to AWS S3, so DVC

Reviewer: Does this NOT apply to `sse_kms_key_id` then?

Author: As pointed in the comment above, `sse_kms_key_id` will be relevant only if users want to use keys from AWS KMS. For SSE-C, since the user will be specifying their own key, `sse_kms_key_id` will be ignored.

> - `sse_customer_algorithm` - server side encryption algorithm to use while using
>   user specified keys. Again, this parameter will be passed directly to AWS S3
>   functions , so DVC supports any value that S3 supports. By default, i.e. if no
>   value is specified and `sse_customer_key` is specified, then `AES256` is used.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `sse_customer_algorithm` - server-side encryption algorithm to use with
 `sse_customer_key`. This parameter will be passed directly to AWS S3, so
  DVC supports any value that S3 supports. `AES256` by default.
```

> - `sse_customer_key` - key to encrypt data uploaded when using
>   [SSE-C](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonS3/latest/userguide/ServerSideEncryptionCustomerKeys.html).
>   The value should be a base64-encoded 256 bit key.
> 
>   ```dvc
>   $ dvc remote modify --local myremote sse_customer_key 'mysecret'
>   ```
> 
> - `sse_customer_algorithm` - server-side encryption algorithm to use with
>  `sse_customer_key`. This parameter will be passed directly to AWS S3, so
>   DVC supports any value that S3 supports. `AES256` by default.
> 
>   ```dvc
>   $ dvc remote modify myremote sse_customer_algorithm 'AES256'
>   ```

Reviewer: Manual restle from https://github.com/iterative/dvc.org/pull/3535/files

````suggestion
- `sse_customer_key` - key to encrypt data uploaded when using
  [SSE-C](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonS3/latest/userguide/ServerSideEncryptionCustomerKeys.html).
  The value should be a base64-encoded 256 bit key.

  ```dvc
  $ dvc remote modify --local myremote sse_customer_key 'mysecret'
  ```

- `sse_customer_algorithm` - server-side encryption algorithm to use with
  `sse_customer_key`. This parameter will be passed directly to AWS S3, so DVC
  supports any value that S3 supports. `AES256` by default.

  ```dvc
  $ dvc remote modify myremote sse_customer_algorithm 'AES256'
  ```
````

  $ dvc remote modify --local myremote sse_kms_key_id 'key-alias'
  ```

- `sse_customer_key` - key to encrypt data uploaded when using
  customer-provided encryption keys
  ([SSE-C](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonS3/latest/userguide/ServerSideEncryptionCustomerKeys.html)).

>   instead of `sse`. The value should be a base64-encoded 256 bit key. Requires
>   also setting the `sse_customer_algorithm` param (below).

Reviewer: Committing this to see if Restyled works now:
```suggestion
  instead of `sse`. The value should be a base64-encoded 256 bit key.
  Requires also setting the `sse_customer_algorithm` param (below).
```

>   instead of `sse`. The value should be a base64-encoded 256 bit key. Requires
>   also setting the `sse_customer_algorithm` param (below).

Reviewer: > users may perceive that setting sse_customer_algorithm is mandatory. However, it is not

```suggestion
  instead of `sse`. The value should be a base64-encoded 256 bit key.
```

> - `sse_customer_key` - key to encrypt data uploaded when using
>   customer-provided encryption keys
>   ([SSE-C](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonS3/latest/userguide/ServerSideEncryptionCustomerKeys.html)).
>   instead of `sse`. The value should be a base64-encoded 256 bit key.
>   Requires also setting the `sse_customer_algorithm` param (below).
> 
>   ```dvc
>   $ dvc remote modify --local myremote sse_customer_key 'mysecret'
>   ```
> 
> - `sse_customer_algorithm` - server-side encryption algorithm to use with
>   `sse_customer_key`. This parameter will be passed directly to AWS S3, so DVC
>   supports any value that S3 supports. `AES256` by default.
> 
>   ```dvc
>   $ dvc remote modify myremote sse_customer_algorithm 'AES256'
>   ```

Reviewer: Or we can commit this. That should fix the formatting... ⌛ 
````suggestion
- `sse_customer_key` - key to encrypt data uploaded when using customer-provided
  encryption keys
  ([SSE-C](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonS3/latest/userguide/ServerSideEncryptionCustomerKeys.html)).
  instead of `sse`. The value should be a base64-encoded 256 bit key. Requires
  also setting the `sse_customer_algorithm` param (below).

  ```dvc
  $ dvc remote modify --local myremote sse_customer_key 'mysecret'
  ```

- `sse_customer_algorithm` - server-side encryption algorithm to use with
  `sse_customer_key`. This parameter will be passed directly to AWS S3, so DVC
  supports any value that S3 supports. `AES256` by default.

  ```dvc
  $ dvc remote modify myremote sse_customer_algorithm 'AES256'
  ```
````
